The words go to the main are here and after the import the first thing that we would need to write is
are going to select all the elements that are going to say that the margin is going to be zero.
The padding is also going to be zero.
So basically we're going to get rid of all the the fault margins and paddings and then we're going to
say we're here box sizing or here and for the box sizing we're going to say Borba.
And basically what this does is if you're going to be applying any kind of margin and padding This is
actually not going to expand the actual element.
It's just going to make sure that elements stays the way we actually set up and the padding is going
to be applied on the inside of the aisle.
Now once we have selected all the elements then we're going to start working with our route.
Now the reason why we're going to be working with the route because we're going to be using a C Ss variables
because what this is going to help us is you can see or hear that I selected pretty neutral colors.
However since we're going to be working CIRCE's very most what you're going to be able to do is you're
going to be able to change the colors for the variables and the colors are going to be changed right
away.
For all the elements where you use the variables.
So this gives you a lot of flexibility.
Now if you want to work with a C assess variables what we need here is a colon and then we're going
to say we're here.
And if we want to create a variable what we have is all here two hyphens here and then we're going to
call this light.
This is going to be a name or a variable.
And here we're going to say that this is going to be the caller.
So I'm going to say hash tag FFR.
And basically what this also helps is as we're working now it's going to be able to use this color.
So once we have created here this variable if I'm going to go and if we know that we have let's say
we're here now.
So this was our element.
And if I'm just going to go back on here I can just say it for this now I we're here what I would want.
Well since I know that this is going to be the class I'm going to select it as a class let's say we're
here to add background and let's say that background is not going to be this f f I actually want to
save our.
So we need to use this word.
And then all here once we have two hyphens we can see or hear that we have this lifeone.
So we're going to select it here but unfortunately we can't see anything for it because we haven't placed
any kind of elements.
So we're all going to go back over here and let's say that in the now if not just create some I don't
know we're heading once and we're going to write or.
Hello.
And you don't need to do this I'm just doing it just to show you that the color is actually work.
Now I can see that I have a text but we're not sure whether we have the color code.
So let's go back over here to the makes sense.
And like I said with a variable you have named the variable you have used a variable with a VAR key
word and the only thing is let's say that we will want to change the color so we're going to say F 1
5 0 2 5 or so once I served you can see the right way my background actually is orange right now.
And this is the nice thing about variables.
So you can use it throughout a document and later on if you don't think that this is the right color.
You can just change the color and it's going to change the color all over the document so you don't
need to find each and every element that you use this color without a variable and you can change it
much more easier.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say F F again.
So this is going to be our background.
Then the next one is going to be here again this index.
Then we're going to call this a dark and dark room and I say hash tag 1 8 1 b over here and 2 4.
So this helps me also while I'm recording that I don't actually need to repeat them so we can just create
this variable and later on we're going to use the variable then the next one is going to be the gray
one.
We're here and we're going to say hash tag 8 9 9 4 and 9 5.
So this is going to be our great car once we save it then we're going to have an orange color.
So there's going to be only two more.
So one of them is going to be orange and orange.
We're going to have a hash tag then we're going to have a F and C 5 and 1 3 0 0 like this.
So this is going to be my Orridge the last one is going to be S. Gray.
So I'm going to call this over here a section break.
So this is going to be used in one of the sections and we're going to say here that this is going to
be hashed.
F 2 2 2 4 here.
So once we say read I can see that I have my variables.
Now we're going to leave this now with this background color like over here for now and we're actually
going to move on and we're working with an actual batter.
So what we're going to say over here is that this is going to be a comment.
So this is going to be the you know going to say and of math because we're all going to return to this
because I think it's more useful if I show you how we working with a flex box with the whole thing because
there's quite a few rules for the knife itself.
And here once we have the end of knife we're all going to call this a banner.
And this is going to be the end of that.
So end of.
And maybe what I would want is just grab this body and actually move it all the way on the top.
So after the road actually we would have this body with a rubato and a monospace.
So we have a whole selector then on here body route and this would be hidden.
And what we're going to have in the bar.
Well first let's say on here this is going to be the head.
Because before we actually can work with a banner let's do a header.
I'm sorry I actually forgot about the elementary.
So for that matter we're going to say we're here like this.
We're going to say we would want to select the header and then first things first.
What I would want is this parent element.
You can see this parent element of Hetter I would want to make it a 100 percent view.
So I would want to make it always 100 percent.
So what I'm going to say here mean height here and this is going to be hundred yards.
So in any screen size and any situation minimum this is going to be hundred to you then we're going
to say also here that we would want a background here and we would want a you know now for what we would
want for you RL wouldn't be a better background.
So I'm going to say we're here not.
And then we're going to look for the image for that we had and then you can see here and this is going
to be a background image.
So once I selected you can see that I have my background image.
Now I also want to fix or hear a few things with an image.
So first I'm going to say that I would want a background image in the center then I'm going to say that
I would want a background image to cover everything.
So basically this is going to cover the whole thing.
So once I saved you can see that image is actually in the center and the actual image is covering the
whole screen.
And after that we're going to say that we will want it fixed.
So as we're going to be scrolling.
This is actually going to be a parallax effect.
So you can see or hear as I'm scrolling down you can see that image is staying fixed.
So what we're doing here we're adding this actual value of fixed and they're all here once we have a
fixed we're also going to write no repeat.
So this is going to make sure that for if the image is not big enough this is not going to be actually
repeating all across the screen.
So once we have these properties what we also want to do is place an overlay because this image is actually
going to be too bright because you can see or hear that this text we're actually going to be making
it right.
So this image is going to be actually right.
So what we would want is actually make it a little bit lighter.
So we're going to say we're here that we would want a linear gradient.
We never really know.
We're going to call this linear gradient so gradient.
Well know this once we'd actually type the gradient now we would want to place a comma and one here
after the and we're going to have a parentheses.
So going right on linear really just make sure that you place or hear news coming otherwise the C S
is going to think that this is one actual value here.
Well what I would want is actual color.
So I'm going to say R G-B.
And for this we're going to say 255 and 255 255.
So basically I'm placing a white collar and I'm going to say over here 0.3.
And I think that I said that I would want to make the image darker.
But actually we're going to be making lighter.
So I'm sorry but before that I misspoke.
So here if this is going to be our GBN.
So this is going to be my first color and this is going to be my second call and if I would just want
this we need a gradient cover with the same color.
You can see over here and we can have a 2:55 again to 55 and 255 over here and point zero or here.
So once I say it you can see that image right away got lighter now by default the actual linear a gradient
has a actual destination.
So here you can see if I'm going to change this to let's say one or two like this you can see that we
need a green and by the fold is starting from the top because this was actually 0.3.
And on the bottom this is actually one because I made it completely white.
Now or here if we type in front of our GPA to the right or to the left just make sure that you have
a column we can actually change the right direction or here from one set to the right or here.
Just make sure that you place the comma.
You can see that now I'm starting here.
And this is going to the right.
Now we are just going to keep a default form.
So we're going to go back over here I'm going to leave this right and we're going to say we don't here
like this.
Now since I want the whole overlay to be the same value I'm just going to say here and both of them
are going to be 0.
So this is how we're going to create or here is image with an overlay.
Now after that also what I would want is I wouldn't want to use the fact that this Hetter can be a fluxbox
parent.
So we're going to say this is going to be in this play Flexo we're here and we're going to say flex
direction on here.
And for the Flex action we're actually going to have a call now now we cannot really see anything right
now because like I said we needed to pay attention.
We have two children here.
We have a flex box behind which is going to be in our case we already made it the parent and over here
this is going to be our first child and this is going to be our second show and now we said it have
it as a flex box column.
All right so if I'm going to go back over here and actually start working with the banner we're going
to be able to see how we can use the fact that both of them are children.
Now for that matter what I'm going to say here banner some selecting a section with a glass of batter.
And for this I'm just going to say we're here like this as a flex champ.
So this was this was going to be working as a child.
So we're going to make sure that this rule is going to be as chopped.
So over here what I'm going to say is going to be flex and we're going to grow as much as necessary
here then we're going to say that we are not going to shrink and the actual basis is going to be all
over.
Now we can see again nothing technically changed.
However if I'm going to go back to the half an hour here in the Senate I'm going to keep on adding these
ones.
So let's say we're here three any Once you see what happens this actual rest of the banter is always
going to be making sure that it takes this much of space or because we had a flex grow of one flex shrink
of zero here and the basis was and since this is a lay out column I can make this banner and this now
much as I want have in height and the banner is always going to make sure that it uses the rest of the
space.
You can see that the flex direction is going to be calm.
And then over here this guy is going to be using the fact that with a flex we can always grow as much
as we want.
Now we also can make this banner as a fluxbox better.
So I'd say we're here and this is going to be a flexible experiment.
So I would say as a parent and now let's create this this boy flex for the actual banner.
So when I say display flex then I'm going to say justify content.
And we would want to content in the center.
So we're going to say we're just content center.
Now also what I would want is once I have a justified content in the center I also would want a line
items over here in the center.
So here we're going to say on line items and you are going to say flex and or here now as you can see
or hear now my text is actually all the way in the bottom.
So this is what I want or hear.
Now after that what I would want is give it a dark color.
So I'm going to say here the caller is actually going to be dark so let's say over here that this is
going to be a color war and I can see that we can use our very Mo and we can just say all this is going
to be the dark text.
Now once we have the dark text then we would want a text align center over here so I can see that the
text is actually going to be in the center and out of that we would want a padding bottom padding and
you can see up in line and we would want padding bottom padding bottom.
And here we're going to say for all Reems here so now we got a little bit of space and then we're going
to use a font weight that we actually got from the goal posts and here we're going to say this is going
to be 700 or so this is going to be our Found way now once we have a farm.
Wait no it's actually say that we would want to work with a title.
So this was actually a banner.
No one here would want to work with a band or title.
So we're all going to say that banner title here some of these are going to be two underscores here
what we would want for the banner title.
We're going to say font size and this is going to be for all Reems here.
So this is going to be the bigger text then we're going to say that we would want a letter spacing.
So it's a rare letter and spacing for the letter spacing we're going to have a 0.1 RPMs here.
When I say now we're going to have a bigger spacing margin but I'm going to do a zero point five rpms.
So in this case we're going to create a more space in the bottom and then we're going to have a font
style here and we're going to say that this is going to be Taluk.
All right.
So this is going to be topic next.
And then let's do last one text text or here transform and let's do capitalize on it.
So let's make every first letter actually the capital letter and after that we would want the actual
banner jobs.
So this is going to be over here.
The actual data that we created or the heading 1 the banner jobs.
So let's go back over here and let's say that this is going to be banner and two underscores jobs.
Now for the better jobs we're going to we will want the same letter spacings zero point fifty RPMs here
and then we're going to have the same text transform text here transform and let's do again capitalize
here.
Let's do a font size of one point for all Reems one point five RPMs and then do a color light color
war here and let's do again this is going to be a light color.
And I can see that I am clever techie and out here and this is going to be the actual ballot jobs.
Now the actual nav bar will going to be doing at the very end because like I said there's going to be
quite a few success and the actual HD now.
So I don't want to scare you yet away but successfully we have our first section.
So if I'm going to go back over here where I have it in the browser and if you're going to refresh you
can see or hear then this is going to be our first section.
And as you can see that this is taking exactly a hundred years hence.
So exactly 100 percent of the actual screen and you can see that we have the background this is going
to be the title.
I know and this is going to be our subject.
And now we are ready to move on and start working on the next section.